hello xix
I alone in the field I'm here in mine.
room in the studio w iguatemi and now I go
talk a little to you about mouth
the trends now for this season and
how to make more last your lipstick and
comment the games come on let's go there
the first thing we need
before doing moisturizing lipstick
then the moisturizer will increase the
durability and will also leave your
most beautiful side will take those
which mainly
When we wear lipstick darker and
button mate that the ladybug goes crazy
But for this you have to leave your mouth well.
moisturized because otherwise, instead of
Wonderful, he stayed alive then you.
can pass 1st on the whole lip
even off the lip come here where
are these wines that we have the color
lipstick then choose this thing from
outline which is a more orange tone
which is a very strong trend now
for the summer then it matches our
climate is more tropical I will use the
orange lipstick is also cool when you
think dark mouth is that you see a
Only color you do not see the difference between
lipstick color contour is then awoke
your outline is not so the same color
Lipstick it's cool you give lipstick
a little over the edge for you
is to make the color more uniform
then the first of all at the time the
people to apply the outline how to
so I always like to start with
center of the lips
It's something people do not realize.
when they make mouths they sometimes
leaves one side different from the other then
when you are in the darkest mouth
asymmetry is super important and we
have to take a little care with
that
when you pass the outline over the
your own lip that happens
the lipstick also last longer then it goes
further boost the trailer now
I 'll pass on the act of cupid that is
This little heart that we have here.
over the side
so I always like to see
and it's cool to use your
little finger as a point of support at the time
you are passing outline
because then you can do the next
more perfect without erasing this moment
now is to finish the top is
where we have more difficulty
because this is where you can leave
one side different from the other
so my tip is to make the
little
so I always like to start
from the inside to the middle to
other side do the same
now to increase the size of my side
what I do
usually have people who have this
higher than from
down or down from the bottom of the
higher up
so it's always cool you give a trading
that there when the cupid in the
down and do it when you do it
you automatically balance the part
from top to bottom part and after that there
Did you see that balance you're going to make?
the outline again and if you want
increase a little more you will see
slightly out of thin air
a little bit and you're going to do the same
thing in part of that
so I got my mouth brush here
and I'll give you lipstick and then I'll apply
the lipstick always trade the
ends up half an hour if you
want to make the color more intense you
pass the lipstick directly in the center
The good side of my mouth is ready but
if I had been wrong with the author, what
I wanted to do is take the collective and then with
the harder brush I pick up the tone is
very similar to my skin and strip
I overdo the taste of evil and I will pass on
return
the girls this my mouth tip to
you chose rural because one of the
super strong trend stuff now
this season and I hope you
use and use your mouth to help you
When you 're out of patience
do lots of make -up
mouth more things and save ourselves
at these moments